Update readme content (#14)
cloudinary/cloudinary-go: README.md

Cloudinary Go SDK
==========

Cloudinary is a cloud service for managing your web application's entire media management pipeline. Easily upload images and videos to the cloud using Cloudinary's comprehensive APIs and administration capabilities and easily integrate with your web application, existing or new.

> For Go, Cloudinary provides a module for simplifying the integration even further. Take a look at the [SDK guide](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/go_integration) for full documentation or for a high-level understanding of Cloudinary, see our [getting started guide](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/how_to_integrate_cloudinary).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Go, Cloudinary provides a module for simplifying the integration even further. This Readme provides the basic information needed to get started with the Cloudinary Go SDK. For full documentation, take a look at the [SDK guide](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/go_integration). For a high-level introduction on Cloudinary and the basics of how to integrate Cloudinary in your application, see our [getting started guide](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/how_to_integrate_cloudinary).
```

```

### Configuration

For requests to our secure APIs (e.g., image uploads, asset administration) you must have the `ApiKey` and `ApiSecret` parameters set.
You can find your account-specific configuration credentials in the **Dashboard** page of the [account console](https://cloudinary.com/console).

Setting your `CloudName`, `ApiKey` and `ApiSecret` parameters can be done by initializing the Cloudinary object, or by
using the CLOUDINARY_URL environment variable / system property.

The entry point of the library is the Cloudinary struct.

```go
cld, _ := cloudinary.New()
```

Here's an example of setting the configuration parameters programatically:
```go
cld, _ := cloudinary.NewFromParams("n07t21i7", "123456789012345", "abcdeghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz12")
```

You can also set the configuration parameters by providing the CLOUDINARY_URL value:
```go
cld, _ := cloudinary.NewFromUrl("cloudinary://123456789012345:abcdeghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz12@n07t21i7")
```

**Learn more**: [Go configuration](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/go_integration#configuration)

### Update 

To update the Cloudinary Go SDK to the latest version, use the `go get` command with the `-u` option:

```

> go get -u github.com/cloudinary/cloudinary-go

Reviewer: @njb90 - This isn't in the docs as far as I see?  Could be nice to add under the Installation section, no?

Author: Agreed. Added.

```

## Contributing 

Please feel free to submit issues, fork the repository and send pull requests!

When submitting an issue, we ask that you please include a complete test function that demonstrates the issue.

## Additional resources

Additional resources are available at:

* [Package reference documentation](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/cloudinary/cloudinary-go)

> * [SDK Documentation](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/go_integration)

Reviewer: Maybe also add a bullet linking to the reference?

Author: The reference is linked above.

Reviewer 2: I will also add a badge with the link to the reference on top of the document

Reviewer 2: added

* [Upload API documentation](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/upload_images)
* [Website](https://cloudinary.com)
* [Interactive demo](https://demo.cloudinary.com/default)
* [Knowledge Base](https://support.cloudinary.com/hc/en-us)

## Community and Support

Impact the product, hear updates, test drive new features and more!
Join [here](https://www.facebook.com/groups/CloudinaryCommunity).

> You can [open an issue through GitHub](https://github.com/cloudinary/cloudinary-go/issues).

Reviewer: Are we intentionally not also inviting contributions (since we currently don't have a dedicated contributions.md page)?

Author: @const-cloudinary - Thoughts on this?

Reviewer 2: @jackieros @njb90 We do invite them. I thought I added contributions.md, I'll find a good template and will add. We should also update it here

Reviewer: @const-cloudinary - Sounds good. In that case, here we should just mention the option & link to the contributions page.

Reviewer 2: @jackieros , @njb90 Added `CONTRIBUTING.md` file
